Last update: 02/05/2022

## Abstract

Deep learning is an area of machine learning that has undergone enormous development in recent years and whose applications are revolutionizing a wide range of fields, including science. This revolution has also reached the field of physics and, among other branches of physics, high energy physics. So far, the so-called deep learning predictive models have shown great efficiency in massive data analysis. An example of this is the CTLearn project, a library programmed in Python focused on the analysis of images from Imaging Atmospheric Cherenkov Telescopes (IACTs). However, the training of these models requires a large volume of labeled data, something that for the case of CTLearn is obtained by expensive simulations. In order to reduce the computational cost and increase the realism of the training data, this project studies the possibility of replacing such simulations with what is called a deep learning generative model. Specifically, the potential of so-called generative adversarial networks or GANs for this purpose is assessed. Employing an AC-GANs type approach, the aim is to replicate a simulated data set from its labels (particle type, energy and direction of arrival). The level of realism of the images and their degree of correlation with their labels is evaluated using predictive models on a validation dataset. As a result, generation times several orders of magnitude shorter and a promising degree of realism are obtained, but an insufficient correlation with the labels, something that could be solved with a better adjustment of the model configuration.
